README.md, before:

# 🦊 Task Dashboard

A minimal kanban-style task board for Sam & Milo's shared workspace.

## Features

- **Three columns**: To Do → In Progress → Done
- **Drag and drop** tasks between columns
- **Task details**: Title, description, assignee, due date, priority
- **Assignees**: Sam or Milo 🦊
- **Priority levels**: Low (green), Medium (orange), High (red)
- **Due date warnings**: Overdue (red) and upcoming (orange) indicators
- **Auto-save**: Tasks persist in browser localStorage
- **Dark theme**: Easy on the eyes

## Usage

Just open `index.html` in your browser. No server, no build step, no dependencies.

```bash
open index.html
# or
python -m http.server 8000  # then visit localhost:8000
```

## Data Storage

Tasks are saved to your browser's localStorage. To export/backup your tasks:

1. Open browser DevTools (F12)
2. Go to Console
3. Run: `localStorage.getItem('taskDashboard')`
4. Copy the JSON output

To restore:
```js
localStorage.setItem('taskDashboard', '<your-json-here>');
location.reload();
```

## Tech Stack

- Vanilla HTML/CSS/JavaScript
- Zero dependencies
- Native drag-and-drop API
- CSS Grid layout
- LocalStorage persistence

---

Built for efficiency. No frameworks, no bloat, just works.

Commit message:

feat: Add GitHub Issues backend
- Replace localStorage with GitHub Issues API
- Token setup modal for first-time authentication
- Labels for status (todo/in-progress/done), assignee, priority
- Drag-and-drop updates issue labels via API
- Moving to Done closes the issue
- Refresh and logout buttons in header
- Loading states during API calls
- Issue number links on task cards
- Updated README with setup instructions

README.md, after:

# 🦊 Task Dashboard

A minimal kanban-style task board for Sam & Milo's shared workspace, backed by GitHub Issues.

## Features

- **Three columns**: To Do → In Progress → Done
- **Drag and drop** tasks between columns
- **Task details**: Title, description, assignee, due date, priority
- **Assignees**: Sam or Milo 🦊
- **Priority levels**: Low (green), Medium (orange), High (red)
- **Due date warnings**: Overdue (red) and upcoming (orange) indicators
- **GitHub Issues backend**: Tasks sync with repository issues
- **Dark theme**: Easy on the eyes

## Setup

1. Open `index.html` in your browser
2. Create a [GitHub Personal Access Token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new) with `repo` scope
3. Paste the token when prompted
4. Done! Your tasks sync with GitHub Issues

## How It Works

- Each task is a GitHub Issue in this repo
- Labels control status, assignee, and priority:
  - Status: `todo`, `in-progress`, `done`
  - Assignee: `assigned:sam`, `assigned:milo`
  - Priority: `priority:low`, `priority:medium`, `priority:high`
- Due dates are stored in the issue body
- Moving a task to "Done" closes the issue
- Deleting a task closes the issue with a "deleted" label

## Tech Stack

- Vanilla HTML/CSS/JavaScript
- Zero dependencies
- GitHub REST API
- Native drag-and-drop API

## Security

Your GitHub token is stored in your browser's localStorage and only sent to GitHub's API. It never touches any other server.

To clear your token, click the 🚪 button in the header.

---

Built for efficiency. No frameworks, no bloat, just works.
